Okay, let's go ahead and pause our jams. So let me start recording.
So I'm recording this solely so that the people who present can watch back the feedback that they get.
So the whole purpose, let's see. Maybe I'll give like a couple of seconds.
I see some more people joining.
Okay, the whole purpose of this session, this is a session I made probably like 4 or 5 programs ago because I noticed that while we have a bunch of pitch practices and lots of opportunities to hear feedback on the pitches as well as Q&A with your ER.
We didn't have as many opportunities to have checkpoints for the video. It was kind of like we just talked about it once and then people had to have it made.
So I added this. This is probably one of the only times that as a group will talk about the video together.
But after this you guys are welcome to asynchronously send lots and lots of drafts either in your base camp.
Actually that's the place you should put it, your base camp individual project. And ask for feedback we will really enjoy reviewing them and giving you guys feedback as well as you'll have one on one calls in like week.
Where we'll also look through your video. But today, the purpose is really to start. So.
Usually people have very little today. It's okay if you have very little, some people might have already started a draft of a video that's not required.
I call it a storyboard walkthrough. Basically like Troy was saying about pitches. Black text on white background napping out what you're gonna say.
That's kind of what I want to see for the storyboard. So a lot of people just kind of have like slides and it's like we're gonna have this person and then we're gonna say something about this overview this.
If you have more than that, that's great. If you have nothing and you want to just talk through a concept, that's cool too.
The whole purpose, a lot of people said they don't have anything. And they're here to hear everybody else's ideas.
So I want not just me to be talking. I want everyone to be giving feedback because the better everyone's videos are, the better everyone's cool demo day sets are and the more engaging the whole.
Event is and we really want it to be extremely engaging we want the audience to really think really highly of your whole class and be very impressed.
So. We're gonna be rising tide lifting all boats here. Some of you have a lot of experience.
Some of you have no experience making videos. Doesn't matter. You don't have to have experience to give critique because the audience will be just regular people.
So just let your classmates know what you think. You all are pretty familiar with each other's businesses as well.
So we want it to represent the companies well as well. So when you present, I think you should start with kind of your goal for demo day because that will set the context.
Your goal does not have to be money. It's great if it is. A lot of our founders goals are usually acquiring customers, whether that's B to B or B to C, acquiring partners.
Getting key strategic angels just raising around in general. Getting strategic mentors or advisors that they know are in the audience.
I've had a few founders who they just kind of have everything all set. They are acquiring customers.
They don't want to raise, but they want key advisors and mentors that they know will be in the audience.
That's great too. So whatever it is, let us know that we can tailor the video toward that and we can kind of discuss.
We'll do like. 3 is take like 2 min to present 2 or 3 min and then we'll do a couple of minutes of feedback.
So would you like 5 min each? And we should be able to get through a good chunk of guys.
So we already had a few people volunteer. Antonio then, then art. And then after that it'll be a jump ball and I'll just let you guys raise your hand.
Okay, positive finance already. Ask me as well. So we'll do Antonio, Mercha art, and then positive finance.
And then from there, we'll just raise hands. So, Antonia the Yeah, whatever you have.
Yes, so should I share the slide the PowerPoint slide?
And tell us what your goal is as a company for demo day in general.
Okay, so yeah, our goal for the our goal is a company of go for demo day, right?
Yeah, your goal for demo day.
Or Both. Go for them today. We would like to launch the wait list, the VIP wait list campaign.
So we basically tell people, you know, commit to 20 to $50, to get a spot.
For getting out of wearable and then also start not working with the VCs. We're gonna start a fundraising in September, but we would like to start getting some warm interest to potential investors.
And will your video or your pitch be first? st I forgot you should also say that.
Our pitch will be 1st and then the video.
Great. Okay, talk us through it.
Okay, good. So
The video is as
So the 1st section is basically what the problem is more in details. So when we were thinking we found
User and out of our GTPD interviews. And he's like super like really so we're gonna start with with his voice recorded telling what his problem is we stress and he's using order ring. He's just started started to use it.
And so basically is bringing is bringing all the emotions about the struggles that a typical ordering users would have, like that's the cluster of users at least that is dealing with stress.
And so we're thinking of having maybe his face or his video, we're gonna record him on, on Zoom, with his voice.
And so the 1st 15 seconds around that.
And then the voice over narrator says like many of us something on this line this is still working progress but something like like many of us Mark has been slightly battling stress that affects every part of his days but but what if there there was a way to not to just go but truly understand and manage your stress something like this So that's the 1st message.
That's the problem with some concrete emotions from a user.
Okay, any feedback so far or should I go through all?
I think you should just speed Ben through it. Just take like one more minute show us everything and then we'll do live feedback.
Gotcha. Okay, so the second slide is and this is very confidential because we just, it just came out with a new industrial design, so, but I'm, I welcome any feedback you guys might have on industrial design as well.
But please keep it very confidential for now as we're gonna announce it and demo day and and so the second part is this is the this is the solution.
Of that we are proposing it's a wearable that you it's hard to understand here I'll you know, we're gonna have to refine this, it's just the 1st draft is basically a ER cuff that you put on your ear.
For both male and female audience customers. And so basically this line is saying, that's where it measures your brain waves and, And, and continuous monitor is designed for continue, monitor continuously your emotions.
Then a little bit more details how the thing works. So there's 3 components. You can interchange the ear ear earcuff, have different colors, different styles.
So it's a fashionable, design. For the for the wearable And then the next slide is this is the solution from.
Such a
Point. So once once you read your brainwaves, our app, interprets your, your brain waves.
And, detects your emotional states, say, whether you're calm or alert and then provides you with with a calendar so you can
And track your stress throughout the month. And also throughout the day and then provide
It actionable, neural feedback to an answer mental well being every day. And, and finally, this is some use cases.
Some usage, you know, we're gonna change this picture, but it's gonna be like say, allet running by the golden gate and wearing aware. Oh
Or things like this, you know, like a couple of.
The life life situation showing that you can actually track your brainwave every day. It's designed for everyday use and continuous monitoring.
And then the final one is just sign up to our wait list. we, we have a limited number of, of spots in the wait list to sign up today if you wanna reserve your.
To be the 1st one to. Use our
That's really, For the 1st slide. Or the 1st quote. Mia wanted to say something about that.
Okay, okay. Okay. I'm gonna unmute.
Yeah, sure sure sure. I definitely encourage you to not record him saying all that and definitely not also narrate on top of that.
That's way too many words. And that's gonna take up a majority of our video, literally just this quote with that narration.
Remember that the minutes of speaking even though I would encourage it to shorten it even there, but, there's just no time to read this. Just keep that in mind.
Yeah, and by
It's important to have.
Thank you.
Yeah
Yeah, like ahead and today. I was gonna say it's important to have that emotional pool. I think it needs to be cut down a lot.
Go ahead. Yeah.
Probably just like one sentence.
Yeah. Yeah, I know. I agree. I agree.
We just need to capture the main thing we're gonna interview him again to see is
After a couple of weeks ago you just called the ordering.
We are hoping to get just.
10 seconds of emotions, like something like a really
Wrong.
Yeah.
That says, so, I mean, the 1st interview was, great. Unfortunately, we didn't record it.
We just
No, that's okay. You can, and you can always have a quote that you kind of remember and you can have like one of the You remember what the customer said, but you can't get them to re-record it for you.
So you have one of the post mates here do it. Something like that. That's fine.
Yeah, I wonder, I wonder if how good the AI is in reproducing emotions because his emotion was just so Beautiful.
Like he had really beautiful emotion and we were kind of bumped out so that we didn't record it.
Oh, you might wanna contact him.
But we do have. We do have, the transcripts. So. Anyway, we'll work it out.
Otherwise, hopefully AI is that.
Okay.
You have to reproduce.
Cool. So we're kinda out of time, but I'll take Bob and Fabian really quick.
Go ahead, Bob.
Yeah, I like what you were just saying. I think we're on the same page. I would say separate from your video if you could make some motion, it'd be a little bit more engaging. So if he is
Like slouching or if he's like doing a big sigh or something as you're talking about what he's going through.
I think you could pull your audience into the narrative a little bit more versus a static image. Where you could just be bored on Facebook.
Yeah, great. Thank you.
Yeah, I like that. You can get stock video. Of that.
Yep, slide 3 and 4. It took me some time to understand where it was on the ear. I wonder.
Yeah, you could maybe swap. And start like a little bit like since you have the. The body 1st of the person.
Agreed. Yeah, I agree with that.
When zoom in that level and then the device. After that, 2 bit to understand quick. Quickly where it where it goes so like you know slide 2 the person then the ear and then the device for the visuals.
Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah, that's a good point. Starting from, like we're gonna have to find out a way because we don't have the device yet.
Is just a rendering. I touch the, the device on a year and then, see, see how it's used.
Yeah, just flipping.
Yeah, I agree. Thanks, Pabian. Appreciate it.
Those 2 because I was wondering that too when you're on slide 3 like I wasn't even listening to you.
Yeah, what is this?
Just like, where does that go on the body? So, yeah. Okay, cool.
Yeah, maybe you can. Hire somebody to do an animation where you do like a spin of the product to show the front in the back and then sliding onto the ear, right?
I don't know. If that would be super expensive, but that would be.
Oh, that's good.
Very quickly illustrate.
Yeah, we have this one, but I think I don't know if you have a if I have a second to show but we have this but it's a i think we're gonna redo it.
We have this thing where
Yeah, that we go. But maybe she needs to be a little better. No, It can be a little better.
It to be a little better, but that's a good idea. I think you could you could pay someone to make that better but that's kinda what.
Gotcha.
Thank you.
Okay, thank you for starting us, Antonio. This was great. So I'm really glad to see this is just 1st draft is gonna get so much better.
So as you start making formal drafts, send them to us and we'll give you feedback. Thank you.
Thank you.
Alright everybody, so this is a draft from based on our existing promo video. Imagine that we're gonna go pitch 1st and then I might even have a guitar as a prop or something like that.
And the idea that we'll transition from the pitch to the video will be that I'll say.
So when I go to my gig, I bring the QR code and this happens, right? Bring a tapable card and this happens and then this will start playing.
This might be a little choppy. Let's see if it works. Can you see it move?
We can see it.
Is it animated? Okay, cool. So, this is this shows the actual product in action.
It's too much text. So I'm gonna cut the text down and narrate over it and say, you know, we let musicians sell products and services and then you'll see something like this.
And then I'll narrate. Over the next thing and be like, integrations with on-demand merge providers, 7 fulfillment centers.
And then, the next thing, there'll be narration and stock sound on top of it as well.
They can sell, you know, goods and services and other stuff. Again short fewer words on the on the screen than this I'll take you know cut down some of it we can show people interactive media who get them to give you your, their emails.
You can show them, you know, live real-time lyrics, fewer words, but this basically this animation.
And then at the end, with the purpose of knowing everyone of your
Adding them to your mailing or phone list.
And selling more and making more money out of every gig or something like that. So this is right now, 40 seconds. There's a little bit of time here.
I just wanna let it loop for a while. And the idea is that I will transition sort of seamlessly by explaining how I use it at my performance.
Okay.
Narrate on top of it have some applause and stuff you know going going at the same time and I'm thinking I'm gonna record the narration as part of the soundtrack so that I don't have to bother with like.
Levels and stuff like balancing the level of the video. Cause I don't know what kind of sound engineers are gonna have on the day and I've had that experiences in the back. I'm sure they're gonna be great.
I don't wanna leave it, to chance. So.
What do you mean, Mancha? Like, what would be the alternative to putting it as the soundtrack?
So I'm not gonna speak at the same time as the video. Yes, I'll have it recorded pre record.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, exactly. No one should be. Yeah, that's perfect. Yep, everyone should be like that. Okay, this is really cool.
I have an idea for you. You should of course
Yeah.
When you're narrating you should have music but I thought I think it might be cool if the music is either you or you and Mark.
Yes.
And then you can say in your QA later, like, yeah, the music in the video that that was actually me, you know, like, and it could be a transition into explaining that you're a musician or something like that.
Like usually the Q&A can have quirky things like that since you have longer time.
Yeah, that might be engaging.
Yeah, a hundred percent. We were literally just talking with one of our mentors about this, before and, we want to do that.
And at the end, you know, maybe it will transition because it won't loop like it does on the website right now.
At the end, it will maybe transition into some concert footage of playing, you know, interactive with the audience or something like that, but I do have.
Bye.
Cool. And then the other thing with your last 20 seconds, you should have like a call to action at the end.
Yeah
So like, you know. If you know any musicians like let them know, I don't know, something easy just to close out this video since that is so much displaying the product.
It's like, cool, what can I do with this? So like how Zest was like download it today but
Everyone's a musician. So you have to figure out what you want to say.
Yeah. I think the purpose will be to kick off the fundraising or get interest from relevant angels or musicians in the, you know, who can quite interested in tech.
So the call to action will be related to that most likely.
Okay, I probably wouldn't put that in the video.
Yeah.
Have a closing statement in Q&A where you would announce any sort of like you want to raise, come talk to me, you have to have something with the product here.
Okay.
I don't know. Or it can just be a tagline.
So you think I should have one? Okay, so you think I should have, oh, okay, cool, cool.
So either tagling or CTA at the end of the video.
They can be a tagline. Yeah.
Itself and then a bigger CDA at the end of the actual thing. Amazing.
Yeah, we call it a closing statement. Everyone will have a closing statement at the end of Q&A.
So if you're right, you don't need a CTA here since you're not like a consumer one.
Why don't you just be like, it helping musicians grow, you know.
Yeah. Very close to that. Actually. Okay.
Whatever it is. Okay, there are people waiting to talk to you. Nelson?
Yeah. This is cool. Great job. My, the question my mind, is just.
That I think the key, the key value driver, like as I've learned about your company is this idea that people are interacting with the musician.
At the performance like they're There's this thing that happens either via QR code or whatever where somebody in the audience is able to like match to that.
Musician so that then they can
This sort of e-commerce relationship. And I feel like if you could harness the performance and put the audience member watching this video in the audience of a performance and show how Okay.
Connects to the musician like that moment. Like then you have the opportunity to describe your business after that but like that's sort of like a key piece that I feel like needs to be visually explained is like.
How does somebody actually do this, right? Like if you even just had somebody.
Holding up their phone and like snapping up.
The QR code.
Yeah, I'm show like, this is how we take it from the performance to. This amazing business that I'm building.
So that was maybe a
Amazing. Yeah, yeah. I plan to do that with the transition, where I like have props or something, you know, like a QR code or something like that.
But that sounds, sounds cool. That sounds cool. Yeah.
I think Nelson's recommendation, is really good in what I wanted to say. show don't tell.
Like. Lilian said you should like explain how your a musician as well You're a musician, like you're gonna have music while you're talking, play music while you're talking, like be on stage with your guitar, you control the sound.
It's your gear, but, treat it like you know, to Nelson's point.
Have your QR code as if it were like part of a performance like your performance is your pitch, but make it like feel like maybe not go as far as like feel like but like make it closer to what it would be like to use your product in the wild where you have your QR code.
You'd have the app, you'd still have your video and your pitch and everything, but like.
If you're playing the guitar you don't have to tell people you're also a musician if you're also and then some of the things you said earlier where you wanted to remove some of the text from the transitions and animations and everything.
I'll play Devil's Advocate. I say I think rather than talking about it yourself and telling them focus still more on the show, don't tell there as well like show them the concepts you're trying to talk about instead.
Maybe show the you know, emotion or happiness of the outcome of the product features rather than talking about them, but like still have some version of Yeah, you're using them in your slides.
I, I wanna make sure I understand. I am showing the actual product, like the actual experience of using it.
What more should I show? Just, I'm not that being concerned. I just wanna.
Like video, I get it, yeah.
That's what I mean, it's like in addition to showing it don't talk about the outcomes like maybe add something that shows the outcomes rather than saying.
You know, instead of removing text, maybe leave it in or. Show something, show a version of that rather than removing the text and then talking about it instead.
So in other words, do less telling about it and then. Have the content do more telling for you.
Like a gig, like do you have footage from like a gig where someone's like handing out merch or something or can you before between now and then?
Like as one of your people talking to fans.
Yeah, but the merch is on demand. It doesn't get handed out in person. But yeah, I understand.
Yeah.
Okay, or like talking to fans like it could be anything, but I think just showing like one of your customers even for like 2 seconds just cutting to it would be very powerful.
Yeah, amazing.
Jeremy?
Or even somebody just like opening a box and holding up, you know, oh, the sweatshirt that I ordered, right?
Nice.
Like, oh, they're so happy. You know, they're all, you know.
Nice, amazing.
Yup, and then, 1, one other piece of feedback that, may resonate with what Bobby Nelson are saying in one of your previous sessions, I think you mentioned that merch is like a big part of like musicians form of income as well.
So like when I saw the video, I was thinking, okay, well, I see that there's the vitamin and then there's a painkiller.
Like maybe if you highlight some of the pain killer side of. What this, what this application can do.
It will help bring it to life. More personal to that musician right what does Getting more and more sure.
What does that interaction really mean? For the musician.
Right, like ringing, zooming out on the sort of large scale benefit.
Nice.
Yeah, yeah, on the pain side, like what pain is it solving?
Yeah, right. Right. Amazing. Thank you.
It's 2 cents.
Thanks, Frances. That was great. You're very far along. So you can't wait to see those iterations.
Let's go to Club Rec, art.
Sure, I'll go.
You're team volunteered you before you came.
Yeah.
That was me. You're up.
Okay, it's not good. Let me go ahead. So remember this is this worth draft people so we're still working on a script our pitch and everything like that so As of right now, like I like to do rough tracks visually.
I don't like to do like the I'm more of a more of a shower like do it you know and then take it to a professional to polish it up you know and redo it so that's my justification right now, okay guys, so bear with me.
Alright, so I'm gonna sign it in here. Our goal is to, gain interest to, generate some meetings from our, demo day.
And raise capital. So. To start off, we're gonna start with the video 1st and then I'll go into the pitch.
And I'm just gonna start it and then get you guys this feedback for us like how I can.
Better, you know. Organize this and we're not. Okay, sounds good.
Let me know if you can hear the value. My recruiters are burned out losing our top count because our hiring process is too long.
You can hear it.
Just don't have time to sort through all the resumes. Theaters are really struggling to find equality.
I have highly paid developers conducting phone screens when they should be focusing on developing the product. You want to hire an employee?
But get ready. If anyone has ever hired someone, you could definitely connect with one of those pain points.
Let me tell you how Clubreck could actually help you. Step one. Upload the job description for the role you want to feel.
We'll use our AI to qualify and rank the best candidates who have applied to your job hosting.
So 2, create and organize your interview questions using our AI tool or submit your own. We match interviewers skilled with the role you're hiring for with candidates and manage their interviewing scheduling, hosting, feedback notes, and recording.
Sorry, Andy. So essentially, so that's where we stop right there as far as our, far as the images we have.
But I keep going into their voice over. I'm just trying to, get some snapshots of the part.
So like I'll just finish it up right here where it says within a few days not weeks. Few days.
Step 30, review your candidates details and responses alongside interview feedback in your dashboard. And book your second interview.
Done. And at the end of my voiceover, it leaves a while. I'm actually gonna shorten that up because we're actually gonna have one of our live our actual real customers.
Katie from our inner balance going to, share her like experience, and how it's been able to improve her hiring process.
And we'll have we'll say that for the end but I was getting feedback from well hearing the feedback from Mercia for us like the call to action it kind of made me feel like, oh Dan, we really got to shorten up this.
My voice over so that way I can have a call to action at the end of the video.
Or like a tagline. I think I feel like call action only works if you're BT and you like want people to download your app.
Because everything else that's more in depth as a call to action should come out in the QA.
So I would much rather just be like, I'll call it a conclusion instead of call to action and it you should like have the Kleprex logo and a tagline so that you just reiterate like this is who we are.
It can take like 2 seconds or one second. That's just how all of you should close the video.
Okay Yeah, for sure.
Like it shouldn't just end. I tell a lot of people, they to black and then fade your logo back on.
And you can need to have someone speak over it or people can just read it. I'll see everyone who has a voiceover, you need music behind it.
That's a finishing touch so you don't need it now or I just know that you should have some music in the background.
I also love that you're gonna have a customer. So can you reiterate again what your goal is for Demata?
To generate follow up meetings to raise capital
Okay, cool. Yeah, this is great. So showing that customer testimonial is going to be huge.
Bob?
Yeah, I, I really like the flow of your content and the dynamicism of going between like you talking to me.
Seeing folks complaining about what could be better. And then the video chat, I think all of that is great.
The 2. Constructive things I would give. I think the speaking part could use some polish.
Yep.
And then I just buy 2 sets. Rather than doing like a step one step to where it feels like you're kinda onboarding me a little bit, maybe there's still this, another way to present the flow.
That's less about onboarding or more about like a commercial. Like you're selling the product you're showing how much easier it is how you also got these particular AI features that make things so much like as you're describing it I'm going back to so many difficult experiences of my own past life recruiting and interviewing and everything so I want all the content I think just the the structure of how
And.
I receive it. Could be a little bit more of a pitch and less of a It's just like one part of the video, but less of a walkthrough.
Okay. Thanks. Thanks, bye. Anybody else?
We are.
It is really good. I think it's gonna come together very well.
Plus one to what Bob was saying that I think that if you reframe, the onboarding process to more of like the features or the I mean the benefits of like those steps like It'll just resonate more like people don't need to know how to.
Do it. They need to know how. The way you've structured the solution is going to make their life better.
So.
So it might even be make sense like instead of saying, oh, it's only one day or whatever.
This is just an example. You can say like no more missing those prime candidates or whatever like the one day.
Makes a difference in the person's life.
Spend less time therefore less money hiring the right talent. Use that as a tagline if you want, but.
Yeah.
Like no charge.
That's how I'm doing the math in my head, like less time spent finding people means, you know, you get value sooner.
Gotcha. Anything else? We like love feedback. So like keep me coming.
Anybody else on the team? Mertra, I know you got some feedback. What's up, brother?
Oh, right. Yep.
Which I had to go on the flight. Back to America. So I think, if you implement that stuff.
And then send us a new draft, we can give you even more feedback.
For sure. Okay. So once again, like I said, like I'm just, I'm still getting some screenshots today.
I got our CTO is pinging me right now and new screenshots, so.
I will finalize it and then I'll share with everyone. Sounds good.
Amazing.
Hey, one last thought. You're showing this from the employers perspective. It may be interesting just to spend a couple of seconds talking about how this is a better candidate.
Experience as well, because I know a lot of organizations. Are really focused on candidate experience and trying to maintain that.
So. If your solution does both, then you should definitely talk about that.
Okay. Yeah, what do you, and like, so in my voice over you hear me say something about like, about how we match the interviewer skills with the world that you're hiring for.
So like we're gonna probably showcase that as well, like what the interviewer's background is.
And I'll share a link because we actually have our old demo video, but I didn't, we were doing it.
So we're like taking bits and pieces of it because we had to obviously change, make some changes to our process, our product since joining tech stars.
But, it didn't, we didn't stray too far off.
Yeah, even just adding a line like. And candidates love it because blank like. And talk about the benefit.
Interesting.
Yeah, literally just for one sentence.
Yeah, I think, yeah, what you said about using AI. To find the right questions, I think that directly speaks to a candidate.
There's nothing worse. From my experience as a candidate, interviewing and then having questions that have nothing to do with the job.
Like they're just pre-can nonsense you've seen before but also you know random stuff that people think.
Okay.
Right.
Because other people have used it, they should use it. So that's like a huge value edits, it's a better candidate experience speaks to the candidate but also speaks to the company that would onboard this tool like you want people whether you hire them or not to feel good about you and maybe they've got a referral as a result.
Okay.
That's a great point, really good point. Thanks, All right. Okay.
Would you say it?
I just, I just said no, thank you.
So we're gonna do Melanie. I think you're going for fell beyond, right?
Perfect.
Yeah. Hi everyone. Okay, I'm gonna share my screen. I'm really shy because I didn't do anything around
Illustration. So, you you go, this is it. Can you see that?
Yeah, we can see it. This is great. You don't need to have anything prepared.
Yeah, so what we try to do is to make sure the voiceover is right and then after I was thinking we can brainstorm or more like visual and text that will support what we do and I really wanted to have the timing right to because I feel like 1 min is really, really short.
So to answer your question, we as a goal, we wanna have more connection with VCs, Capital Race for us is going to be September.
So in the meantime, we could also have Angel investments. This video is gonna come after our pitch.
Yeah, the idea is to kind of reframe the problem. And captured the sense of the product.
We want to show both the benefit for our B twob users. Yeah, HR leaders and the C suites.
And the annual users in the company. Usually I want this to be very dynamic. Visually engaging, informative on the experience.
So let's try. So you have, everything here, but what I did is also to, We record the voiceovers so that it's not perfect, but you give us a more sense.
So I'm gonna go through the 1 min and maybe then after we can kind of. Sequence older section.
And come back to it. Introducing positive finance. We all wanted better world and to strive in it.
Companies are no different. Yeah, HR leader, face challenges without impact driven solution, there is losing talent to competitors.
Misalignment with our company's sculpture and falling short on sustainability reporting for compliance.
We positive finance, HR is empowered to offer an impactful benefits to engage. Companies team up by offering matching donation, aligning corporate values.
All monitor from a single screen for easy reporting and planning. We our app, employees can save. Invest in impact and donate fee free.
It is that simple. So join positive finance today on power your workforce and make real impact. With the finance you want.
Okay, great. This is it. So, 1st part is just, you know, the logo and maybe we're gonna have it kind of a tide line to, set the tone on that what we do.
And the benefits, I was thinking working around like where every transaction and powers engage and does good. Second part, we are talking about the aspiration and what people want to do.
So we're gonna look at more like maybe a scene in like the workplace. And before we're more like into this like earth view I don't know I have no idea will work on that but the idea is kind of zoom in and go into the workplace where positive finance can have a great impact.
After that, it's all about risk. Making sure people understand what a child leaders struggle with.
And reinforcing that with the text. So, like, it's like, boom, Boom, Culture, Miseling.
Boom for impact outcomes. And then there's the solution. To reveal that, we can support them.
I aligned that the culture. And plan for them. Yeah, the idea is to show everything around the products, so the screens, how they actually go from one bring to another and the different activity they can do on it with our dashboard.
And then we are jumping to the employees side explaining what they can do. With the app and showing the app.
And yeah, we finally we just like finish with, I don't know, another kind of, visual.
There's more like sustainable. Like nice. Landscape or something. You know.
Yeah, this is where we are.
Thank you, Melanie. So you do have a lot here. It's not, is you really downplayed it.
So this is a great script. I have probably 3 things. One. The 3rd row where you're talking about the problem where it says yet HR leaders face challenges.
I think that one needs a little bit of work because it seems very vague. I think it seems like buzzwordy and vague where we could.
More thoroughly define the problem. Maybe the drawing from some interviews you've done. Make it more palpable.
And make people really understand that problem since we're only going to be able to say it kind of briefly.
I think we need to work on that. 2 is I would be careful putting text That doesn't match exactly what you're saying.
Because people are gonna be reading that and they're gonna drown out what you're saying. I would probably not put texts for the middle parts.
It's okay to have the text with the positive finance logo but in the middle where you're speaking I probably wouldn't put text overload.
I'll just focus on visuals so that people can listen. To what you're saying. And then the last bit, it says you are going to add music with the positive finance like kind of outro, but I think there should be music overlaying the whole thing and maybe it just gets louder at the end.
Yeah.
It's important or else it gets really awkward. So all of you should have music over the voiceover or else it's just like, awfully quiet.
So we can workshop that like the problem part together if you want. Maybe you can make a new iteration and post it on base and we can discuss in the comments, but I do think that part is.
Like getting it key is gonna be essential to this video.
Okay, awesome. Thank you so much, Leanna.
Yeah, Bob.
No, it's helpful. I'm glad you are.
Yeah, I'm sorry to keep dominating the combo, but I've. I had, yeah, I felt really strongly about this.
I really like your voice over that you shared the recorded message. It reminded me of I'm a huge Elassian fanboy, like Jira Confluence, all that.
Going way back like years before Slack was even a thing, they had hip chat. I'm a bit, I have a hit chat shirt.
But one of the things I loved is as I'm learning about their products, whether
And what they called it Lassian University or learning.
From their market marketing site. The your voice over reminded me of the flow of those videos where it walked me through all of the benefits and gave me the key insights and I love if I could find them to shoot them to you guys to maybe contribute to your creative process.
For coming up with the actual visualizations of going through your product. Because I think the tempo and the content of what you were talking about was spot on.
And it reminded me of something else I saw that I really liked in the past.
Okay. Oh, that's awesome. I was thinking is too much French.
Accident.
Yeah, you know. Thank you so much.
Yeah, we, we can't help you because you're French, but.
Hmm.
Anything else? Yeah.
Yeah, one question. Actually, I have a question regarding that because I was thinking, you know, who should do the voice over for us?
And I, of course, have a thick Italian accent.
But should the co-founder being be on the voiceover or we can have someone with the American accent.
Or any thoughts that on that anyone?
I would say that.
For understandability, I I would hire a native speaker to do the voiceovers. You just, you don't want to get in your own way for It can get lost.
You have nice warm clues, but just be clear.
Yeah.
If you can.
And polish it so that it's a little bit less. Present maybe, but only for this, not for like in general.
I think like because my 2 cents is I think if it's yours you should have the opportunity to like share your passion through your voice.
But if it is a little bit harder to understand then just I don't think it's that far from. Better.
So. I think it's like low hanging fruit. Yeah.
Yeah, I appreciate it. Yeah, I appreciate it, Bob. I think, I think, you know, it's been 20 years in this country.
I try I try to do excellent reduction but didn't work. So, but yeah, I, I think, yeah, the one mean a page already show, our voice, right? So the 1st part, right?
So the video maybe can be a native speaker. Yeah. Thanks for your feedback.
Thank you, Melanie. Do you have any other question?
Yeah, alright.
L, Liana? I'm interested in hearing what you think about that, far as like the foreigners in there and using an American voiceover like How do you feel about that?
I mean, cause I know for one of our very 1st demo videos, it wasn't my voice.
It's my buddy Kyle Cliff who has like a radio voice. And it worked, people loved it.
And I'm, I'm American, but like I also have a different dialect, you know?
Yeah, I think I like to tend toward. The people on the team doing it unless. It becomes an obstacle and I think like we're all friends here so we can just be candid because we want it to be the best.
I think people who have said have issues with English like Snow has said that I think it might be better for you guys to have different voices just to maximize the different voices just to maximize the comprehensibility from the I don't like to do that unless it's absolutely necessary.
Troy, on the other hand, will tell you like Help me straight up. He'll say like, you are not saying x word correctly.
You need to do this better. You'll see that in pitch practice. So all of the CEOs are going to be pitching.
So we're all going to have to work on that no matter what. For you art, I would I would have you voice it.
I think it's it's not an obstacle for Melanie and your team, I would probably air on the side of having.
A native English speaker. Do it just to increase comprehensibility. Because they will already have Fabian doing the Q&A and the pitch.
And this part I really want it to be like extremely clear. And that's just that's just because most of the people in the audience are going to.
Only speak English. So I hope that's not offensive to anybody, but I usually am pretty candid about this because I want all of you to be completely understood like every single word of this minute is so important and since we have the option to make it more clear, I think we should.
Shade.
If anyone has questions about that, please. Feel free to unmute. Lisa, did you have a question?
Okay.
No, she's just me. Kristy, did you have a question?
Sorry. Yeah, I just actually have a comment. When we proact, I guess to help us practice our pitch, will we get like voice coaching or something like that to help us?
You know, articulate and pitch. And have you know have, have stage presence.
Okay, perfect.
Every pitch practice will be talking about that. We have, we have a pitch coach tomorrow talking to you guys.
He's going to be talking more about the content. But when Troy comes and does pitch practice, he's pretty, he's pretty direct. You'll see.
He's gonna say like when you said blank word like I don't understand what you're saying.
You need to. So those are the kinds of things that we'll get into, but right now we're focused much more on the content.
Of what it is and then we'll refine it at the end and during demo day we yeah go ahead Crystal.
I guess. Sorry, there's a delay. There's internet stability where I'm at.
Yeah, I was just thinking, you know, because if you have some, little voice coaching to help you pitch, that can also help you when you're recording this video.
I guess my main thing, you know, because, you know, I'm also a, you know, English is not my primary language, but I think it's all about relatability, right?
When you're hearing the video and, who's speaking. You want the audience to relate to it and not have.
You know any dialect or accent kind of detract from what you're what you're seeing.
You know, but I do like the fact that if you can. You know, get your points across.
You know, articulate. It is kind of nice to have a little bit that, you know, distinct voice that, you know, each one of us can bring as well.
Yeah, it's a great point to see. And for the for the finishing touches of like, you know, pitch coaching, how you're going to stand, how you're going to present.
All that will get ironed out the week of demo day when we're all in person together. Okay, to your pitch in front of each other, probably like.
10 to 15 times and we'll give you feedback. That once it's all finished and we'll give you that.
Melanie, if you really want to do the voiceover, I think we could get you there.
So if you want to, if you're like really devoted to it being your voice, we can have you practice it again and again and I can just keep giving you feedback on what is not super comprehensible and then you can just keep changing it.
So if you want to iterate that I'm happy to work with you and make that to the point that I feel like it's crispy enough to use.
Or if you can do what others were saying so totally up to you
Okay, thank you.
Yeah.
Yes.
I think you can also go to far in the other direction, right? You can hire some like super salesy like cheesy voiceover person that doesn't sound authentic, right?
So like if you do your own voiceover, it's gonna be authentic because it's gonna be your voice, right?
But. If you're talking about somebody like this who is talking about the features, that's also gonna fail, right?
Okay.
Yes.
So like it's gotta be like. Some middle ground, right? Like, Just wanna call that out like I think that AI will definitely sound awful like you know it'll say the words and it'll be clear but it won't have that ring of like humanity, just having played around with it or not.
So, you know, don't do that.
I come to the amount of demo day videos. The founders in the past have given me where they just have an AI or a robot and you even heard Bloomfield, who like went along with it.
It's sounded so bad. So it's really like, I'd rather us just do our normal voice and it not being super comprehensible than the other side.
So like, completely agree with that. Marcel, do you have a question?
I just have a quick question. By the answer is no, but I wanna ask anyway, what about having multiple voices?
Well, depends.
Is that like a no no like you wanna like have the same person talking throughout the entire video. Like or like have you heard have you heard other videos or they put up videos that have multiple people talking.
Yeah.
I'm not saying that I want to have like 5 people talking but I'm just just a question because maybe Melanie can have someone like just an idea is like having like the certain things that require more like.
Someone may that it has to be understandable but maybe like the last line when you're like closing it up it's like oh this is like it's almost part of your love or part of who you are then you can actually say that I don't know this is an idea.
No, I liked it.
I don't know if that's if that helps or not but It might work.
Usually people have multiple voices because it's part of. What they're trying to get across, for example, like art had.
What I assume is Ali's voice. Reading, people's complaints and then art came on as like the voice of reason like here. We have a better solution.
Other people may like. Have someone telling the problem and then when you switch, you know, and Okay, everything's brighter and rainbows now because I'm giving this solution.
I've seen people do like 2 voices for that. So it's usually for a reason, not just like you just pepper in and people randomly are speaking, cause it helps tell the story, right?
So I would just say anything that you do should contribute to the comprehensibility and like the story that you're trying to tell.
In this video.
I think so too.
I mean, I do like that. I think it, it is a dynamic, I think. You see in having reasons to use different voices to having just the same.
You know, result events. Thank you.
Yes, Simone, you could have someone else. Sorry, who's speaking?
Yeah, I think it's. It's like color, right? Like if you like have a slide and there's like 5 colors on it and the 5 colors have no meaning, like there's no distinction or reason for it. It's confusing, right?
Cause your brain is like, why are there 5 colors? Why is that red? And this other thing. I think it's the same with. I think it's the same with voices, right?
So like if you have the voice of God, right? That's like going through the entire thing and it's like talking it over, it should be one voice.
But if you have a customer come on and it needs to be in the voice of the customer, clearly that needs to be a different voice because you have to distinguish it from the talk track.
And you know, if you've got like a couple different voices, like it's like. You know, the head of product versus the CEO, right?
Like, and they're talking about different things, then I think it makes sense to have 2 different voices.
But what you don't wanna have is just like variety for the sake of variety. So people are like, wait, this is somebody new, right?
And then they're getting distracted like thinking about the boards. So like it needs to be additive.
There needs to be a purpose. I think is and then as long as there's a purpose like do whatever you want to do I think
That was very well said, I think everyone should hire you to do your salesy voice for their video.
I would be happy to do that.
It's really good. Okay. Okay, Melanie, well, if you have any other questions, you can message me, but we can work together on that.
We're gonna move on to tux.
Alright.
All right, But for context, our goal for demo day is to connect with like. HR professionals and equity compensation leaders.
And so the way we're kind of formatting it is we're gonna pitch first.st And the pitch is more to share my personal story, our secret sauce and then information about the market opportunity.
The videos to kind of resonate with the crowd. So we're in the Bay Area where a lot of people have stock based compensation and show them a bit of the product.
And then QA is gonna be more focused on like How does this product address? Company concerns and how does it benefit the company as a whole kind of thing?
And so those are the 3 different goals of the presentation. And so, going through this video.
I'm very bare bones. But I'll get it started where it's like me David and George they both work at B work and receive half of their compensation and bework stock.
Or a hundred 50 K. Bework offers talks. Stock compensation protection as an employee tool to attract and retain the top talent.
George opted in, but David didn't. Let's see what happens for both George and Dave.
And so this would all be bush over not actual like. On the screen. So for George, he can easily go into the tux platform.
So there'd be some sort of animation here. And peeping into our tool. Where he can create a protection policy for stock based compensation kind of like insurance.
He can pay premiums and relax for the next year until a stock's vest. While Tux works in the background to create a derivative based protection plant.
And so, again, kind of peer view into the product. Without worrying about stock market volatility.
And David, well, he does what normally people do normally the situation, which is nothing. One year later, their stock is vested, but B work stock is plummeted.
George and David's. 2050 K stock value is now worth 50% of what they were granted.
But George can fall through tucks to get rain burst, saving him a hundred 25.
1,000.
And kinda yeah, don't gamble with your compensation, stay protected, while your best thing.
And so that's kind of the idea we were having around like. 2 paths. Here's what your life looks like with tux.
Here's what your life looks like without tucks playing a little bit on we work which is a company that that failed or had a massive stock drop by calling it be work so hopefully that resonates with people in the crowd.
But that's kind of what we were thinking in terms of using the demo video to kind of show not only the personal experience.
But the product experience and then one thing I forgot to mention was kinda we wanna use this kind of last slide to also resonate with Some of the things we heard in the JTVDs where a lot of people use this money.
For things like their house, their kids. A baby and maybe like having like a baby George kind of thing where it's like This money now helped his life flourish in a way.
Yeah, like a carriage. Thanks, Dan. Yeah, this is great. I love that you guys have this story because you know thinking about a lot of our tech companies here.
It's very hard to tell. The personal story of how this benefits a person's actual life, even though it's like, This is a really good way of illustrating that.
If you go back where you say like kinda like insurance, can you go to that one?
I think like because
Hey, Yeah.
Sorry to meet you. Because you don't. Talk about it for 2 more slides of like why that's necessary.
I think you're kind of assuming that the audience. Will understand. So when you're saying like create a protection policy, most people might think like, why would I need a protection policy like the company isn't going under.
The stocks are part of the compensation of course it's gonna be fine so I might even add the line here or like take it from 2 slides later where you're like because of stock volatility.
And make it here. Cause I think that might be distracting for some people where they're like wait insurance why do I need that on like just connecting the dot for them so they're not even thinking.
Might be helpful. So like, Protection Policy for stock-based compensation. In the case of stock market volatility or something kind of like insurance.
Just add that there. It was just a small thing. But I think that it'll make it flow better.
And you don't have to say exactly what I just said. Just think about it.
Does anyone else want to add anything for Tux?
I was just gonna say this, this is great. Like showing the story, right? Cause normally like you have a lot of startups that just like you know they actually use the RSUs as a like a tool to get people to sign an offer letter, right?
And then knowing that like, oh, they're not going to. To, you know, last long anyway to see that this RSU is pervert over fully.
So like. Showing those 2 stories is like going to be very impactful, especially to like the individuals in the audience that are like in that startup world.
So. I would say get a great job. I can't wait to see this like fully produced.
Bob.
Yeah, on the The defensive side, like downside protection. Maybe a useful way to phrase it is to think of it.
I like insurance to me is kind of a dirty word probably not for other folks, but maybe think of it as protecting your investment as a different way to phrase it or pitch it.
For example, you spend this time at the company, you're investing your time, you're not buying the stock, but you're getting stock, you're not spending money, you're spending your time.
So it's a fair exchange and you are investing in the company when you spend your time there. That's why they give you equity.
The whole point is. If you're making the company more valuable. You've made your stock more valuable, you're invested in yourself a bit.
So maybe it's, maybe there's something there in terms of protecting your investment. Versus, I don't know, maybe insurance is a better angle, but, just throwing it out there is like maybe a slightly different angle.
Thanks, Bob.
I like your conceit around comparing the 2 different employees to show. You know what the value is like that resonate in terms of Clarity.
I think my only feedback would be well I mean I think you could do some cool stuff in terms of like animations to be able to show how you know, the value of the stock like hit the floor, right?
Like because of tucks, like there's a protection versus the other one that continues to go down.
So like to be able to. Just bring some life into that. Compare. Really drive it home.
I would say. In your storyboard, you're probably gonna do this naturally, but I would like squish down the sort of like the login clicking around on the tux platform to just like maybe one or 2 cuts because what you really want to get to is The illustrating, I think some visual that shows the volatility in the stock market, like even if it's just like some B role of
like, you know, crazy traders like, you know, like holding up their hands on the, or something you want to give some idea of like, okay, there's this person who works for this company.
And then there's the crazy market forces that they have no control over this company and then there's the crazy market forces that they have no control over and like have, there's this person who works for this company and then there's the crazy market forces that they have no control over and like how t providing like a back stop to that.
So I think, you know, there's some interesting things that you could do. To bring market volatility to life and make it an actor in this video like the bad guy.
And yeah, maybe skip over some of the product demo stuff because I think the It's interesting to show the interaction and how people are interacting with Tucks, but I think it's more important to show.
The difference, the impact that Tux makes on their life.
You know.
That, that is a great idea, Nelson. I feel like that's what was missing here.
I think we're making a lot of assumptions. Like a lot of us have worked in text.
We just kinda like understand right away. Oh, that makes total sense. Not everybody will understand why you would ever need that.
So like really making it potent. Try will always say like skip any sort of login stuff on the product demo like just show the mute and potatoes for like a couple of seconds show you have a real product you don't need to focus too much on it show the problem just like Nelson must say showing people like really upset or maybe you don't even need to show that just showing like the volatility like you
said in in the graphs. Or explaining it for a couple of sentences. You know, like 40% of tech workers compensation is in these stocks and it's not a sure thing.
It really does depend on the market and we've seen in recent years how volatile the market is.
For the tech companies. Something like that. It's really important to add that. So I love that you guys commented that.
Yeah.
Can I phrase 2 questions to the group? So one thing we were thinking about was
This dollar amount we put here so we put over 250 K to kind of emphasize like, hey, there's a lot of money at risk here, but we also worry that like Putting a dollar amount of putting a dollar amount this high can make it feel like oh like I don't get paid that much so it's not worth it to me kind of thing.
Because everyone has a different compensation package like Should we show a number? Is are we at risk of showing a number too high?
Join a number too low. Kind of thing.
I think it's probably at least twice as high as it needs to be to make your point. I think for the folks where that's a yearly component of their total compensation.
Hmm.
You're talking like single-digit percentages of your audience. And I'm being kinda I think.
I don't think.
Conservative. Like it's the low single digits and they're usually folks who stock is not as volatile but also can swing back up because the company is not exactly gonna go anywhere like we work company could definitely go somewhere Made is not going anywhere.
Google's not going anywhere.
Bob, what do you think about just not having a like they receive over 50% of their compensation in in the stock in the company.
Worth hundreds of thousands or something like that. Like they could just say. Generally instead.
I like, yeah, I like, I like a number a little bit more because it makes it feel a little bit more real.
I don't want to use the word tangible, but like the specificity I think helps, whereas 50% could be 50% on a total comp of like the specificity I think helps.
Whereas 50% could be 50% on a total comp of like a hundred grand. I don't think people are getting 50 grand in stock and only taking 50 grand in salary.
Hmm. Yeah.
Yeah. One thing you guys could do is say have their compensation is at risk. So like putting that FOMO at play here, maybe like the is how much you may have at risk on average based on whatever your total is, the half would allow it to flip be flexible to what anybody is.
And we know that for people above 200 K, which is the majority of tech workers. Half of their compensation approximately is going to be in equity.
So I think having half of the conversation at risk allows you to make it more broad while still putting in magnitude the week personal to that individual.
Yeah, yeah. Thank you. One more question. If I don't steal too much time is.
We had another idea around should we show maybe a 3rd person to show that? Employees get to keep the upside.
And so like in this scenario, we're talking about like the worst case scenario. But I remember a lot of times when we explained to people the idea the next question is what happens if the stock goes up and it doesn't drop like do I now owe you something?
Done.
That should, that should be one of your 1st questions in the QA. If that's what people are wondering after you show them this DNA, this is the morphine problem.
And that's what you should highlight 1st and then your ER can ask you like, so what happens if the stock goes up?
Is this useless? And you say, actually no. Stuff like that. Calvin wanted to add something.
Yeah, I wanted to add, about showing a number or not. I believe it's very, very important and at the end of your story.
It tied into it because you mentioned a particular amount that was lost. By the person who did not use stocks.
So I think, showing a number, if you're not showing a number, this number you're mentioning which is the benefit will not be very concrete so showing a number is good you can tinker around about the actual value.
I like you mentioned over this so you can decide to whether to keep it low or to keep it average but to use what is industry average.
Thanks, Dr. K.
Yeah, thanks.
Thank you, Tucks. We have time for a couple more. So let's see how many we can get through.
Maybe we'll do like rapid fire for these last 4 or 5.
Okay. You see this okay? We haven't actually, like, drawn out the storyboard yet, but we kind of have an idea of what we're trying to accomplish.
So when I went to demo day in January, I remember there was like a few people that stood out.
Cause I like remember their name and they had really high energy. So like, even though it's like silly, I think a main goal for us is to like have them remember us as individuals.
What we do and like we want people to join the movement and like We're playing around with the idea of having a wait list instead of it just being like book a trip.
And then using this wait list to help guide us like in which markets we wanna activate potentially.
So the pain point that we're trying to solve is that people don't want to go to the Tripadvisor top 10 Rex and like people want trusted recommendations and and right now there's like not really any way to do that and so we are doing that through local companion real inside and so we are doing that through local companion, real insight, or recommendations, and unique, Mersive
experiences. So we kind of like drew out a storyboard a little bit on like what we want the Trevor's experience to be.
So then, so yeah, so the visuals will be basically like. An actual experience. Lisa and I are gonna be filming this over the weekend.
But basically it'll be like a mix of like visuals of the actual experience some close ups and like people actually doing some of the unique experiences that we have on.
And the voice over will be. Okay, so it'll be so you want to travel broaden your horizons.
Learn new customs, speak new syllables, become a new version of self. Taste life a new, breathe into fresh perspective.
Discover, adventure, luxury, space, comfort, challenge. And so we will be like cutting in through different visuals.
Discover home here on earth. It's waiting for you, but it won't wait forever.
The world is rapidly changing and it's time for the way we travel to change with it. Because wherever you go wherever you roam wander climb rest swim fly adventure again like cutting into different visuals.
You leave a lasting impact, make it a good one. At Travis, we connect people with immersive, inspiring experiences while preserving our destinations for generations to come, ensuring that you leave a positive impact wherever you roam for the love of travel.
Venture beyond the beaten path with our Trevor's experiences curated by insiders just for you.
Give yourself permission to get lost. And never miss a thing. Our local companion app puts local expertise in your pocket so you can fully immerse knowing Chavars has your back.
Which hidden gem will you discover next? And then we go from video into the pitch. And so the pitch will actually highlight specifically like our team and like how we're different and like our traction so far and we'll take some of the insights we have from our 1st 10 customers.
And then the QA section, basically all the questions that people ask all the time, like, Travel so competitive.
What makes you different? You know, what are your plans to scale beyond Hawaii? And then like, what's your plan for the future beyond like beyond just this local companion?
So we figured that would be a time to talk through some of these questions that we get asked a lot by investors.
I like that you already, you're already thinking about the different section. So we'll talk about the Q&A on Friday, so I want to see those again later, but can you go to this second slide of your script?
Yeah, this one. I think. A couple of things. So this is really good.
I really like the words that you you chose to use. I think this will be extremely palpable.
I think the last 2 paragraphs here are a little long. I think you're gonna lose people after making a good one and you need to wrap up quickly, especially since you only have 60 seconds and you want to start with some visuals before you start talking.
You're only going to have maybe like 10 seconds left. I think that whole thing needs to be.
Squeezed down into like 2 sentences. So decide like what you really want. To say in that last bit, cause you already said basically everything you need to to get people interested.
Yeah.
Now you just need to like wrap it up before you lose people. And the other thing is when when you say You have, you leave a lasting impact.
I think that is the most important line of this whole video because it's this is the only time that you explain regenerative travel and like why it's important.
I was like kind of waiting for you to say it. In other parts of the video because you were making travel seems so awesome but like the problem the problem is that like we're destroying the places that we go to.
So you may want to add in a couple more statements there. Maybe cut from before, cut some of the like.
Beauty and luxury from the slide before and like have more about like you leave elastic impact like. Communities are being ruined that we once were able to like go and visit now like the lush villages are.
Crumbling and like desolate because people just like take and don't give something like that and your visuals here are gonna be key to emphasize your point, like maybe just showing like people's footprints being like, you know, they're there, like they're not going anywhere, they leave it and they leave that last impact or show like dilapidated ruins.
I know some of the things in South America have this problem, like people keep taking rocks from it and now it's like nothing left.
Yup.
Stuff like that. I think like you can educate people through visuals and maybe like a couple more statements here.
Yeah.
I think we had a little too much. And not enough sad. And this isn't a vitamin, this is like we're hurting this stuff and we're not gonna be able to go back and have all those nice times.
If we don't fix the problem. So those are just my piece of feedback. Bob, what did you think?
Yeah, I'm hoping you guys have some really epic music for this 1st part because I felt like that was going through my head as you're breaking it down line by line.
I couldn't tell if it was gonna be a set of haikus or not honestly. On the syllables side.
I feel like that to me feels like a clunky word. Maybe there's like a more poetic.
Way that like reaches into somebody that speaks in like maybe it's speak new truth or maybe it's Anything but the word colloquial isms, but like something like that that's a poetic delivery.
And then you set something near the end that raised an eyebrow from. I think it was, for the love of travel.
I think that's actually a company name and you might need to change that.
That's our tagline. So.
It might be a company name. Trademark wise, I'm just saying.
You know, if it's another, it's another company.
I think so.
Hmm. Do you wanna add to this? She's at the passport office right now.
Yeah, Lisa has their hand up. Go ahead.
Yeah, I didn't find that. I mean, I'll have a look for it. If that's another country known.
I'm curious. Cause the, the, the, the creative directive means like you don't show the bad, you show the good, you mentioned the bad.
Because what you really want is people to feel. Good while you do this and not like raise your finger at them and like say bad bad bad so much but I think you're right, Lilian, I think it's a really important balance to strike.
I'm like, we do need to mention the problem. I was curious about. And my instinct was not to put visuals of that in because we already all know what that looks like.
I feel like we've seen so much of that.
I don't know, Lisa, because this why it's important to know your goal, like why I have you guys start with your goal.
If your goal was to get customers, I would say ship it exactly how it is. Your goal is fundraising, which means you don't need to make people like super feel all good about themselves and want to travel.
You need to show the fundraisers. I'm sorry, you need to share the investors why this is a problem.
Hmm.
Cause I don't want them to look at it and think it's like a fluffy happy.
Travel company that has no morphine because like Neil and I have told you guys everyone's seen a thousand travel companies but we believe in you guys because you have this angle that makes it it hurts like the pain hurts.
We don't want that to happen. And showing that, I understand you won't be able to reuse this video as like promo or maybe you'll have to re purpose parts of it for promo for customers but that's why the goal here is important.
Hmm.
Does that make sense?
I love that.
Yeah, yeah, it does. Thank you.
Marcel.
I seen you guys everything. But, I know it's really hard because you don't want to point fingers, right?
Like I know friends that have done like and this elephant tours in Thailand and they later find out that it's terrible, right?
And they feel bad about it and they really didn't know. Like how do you convey that?
Like it's a fine line between like pointing fingers, it's like you shouldn't be doing this and making people appear horrible but it's like a lot of people more than we think are doing things that they just don't realize it.
And the consequence of that, like how do you visually can show that I think it's very powerful.
Like it's almost like yeah like no no pointing fingers because you just don't know I'm gonna tell you how to do it Because we like we're giving you why you need so you do it responsible.
But without pointing fingers. I don't know if that makes any sense, but you know, we happen to a lot of my friends and they really, and now they're doing it responsibly.
Or they're trying to, but they probably could use people like you guys for sure.
Yeah, there was like, so we talked about giving permission to have guilt free travel. Because we're like giving them the right information.
We're helping them like we're educating them in an inspiring way and that's part of our product offering.
So maybe it's just when we wordsmith this a little and condensed it down, we talk a little bit about it.
You know like we have your back not just as a local companion but also we have your back in like ensuring that you can like fully immersed in in a way that's like respectful to the land.
And people.
But again, as a maybe give you an example of what would that look like might be helpful? This is just not.
What are people doing that?
Yeah, and I think that last part needs to be really short, like I said. We're gonna have to move on now.
Because we have only 15 min left. So I wanna try to get through Richelle and Valeria.
Maybe we'll limit to like 2 pieces of feedback for each. Richelle, why don't you take it away and we'll see if we have room for malaria.
Yeah, cool. So our goal for demo day is to get follow up meetings with. Potential investors and customers and possibly like this is a new VC star by Whole Foods so maybe retail but that's I'll touch on that a little later.
So I want to balance like showing the end users like the users paid, but then also our customers pain, but then also our customers pain point.
So, the users pain, but then also our customers pain point. So it starts off with a shopper who's looking in, but then also our customers pain point. So it starts off with a shopper who's looking in the wine out super overwhelmed.
It's like, I don't know which one I like. They try using Google, but that it's like, oh, it's only European food.
None of this really appeals I could look at all the Y labels, but that would take me like too much time or like I pull out some, I guess, don't look up these numbers, but basically I need to quantify that like.
So many people are unhappy with like the way wine is sold right now. Like they're not happy about the wine that they're buying.
And then it switched into like the narrator becomes like I'm a small minority. This affects me because I'm left in the dark once my wines are in the store.
I have no idea how much I'm selling the retailers are ghosting as have some sort of number here like oh this much this amount of money I gave them is basically like sitting stock or like I'm wasting this amount of money investing into that retail store.
And so it's the wider you say, how can I make better sales forecasts and learn about my shoppers better?
Then the retail store. And so we added pair anything so shoppers scan the cure code in store.
This is kind of like the product part. They could find a pairing for any wine and dish they could share with their friends They buy and store and then it shows the shoppers like how their lives are better is that they're at home at like a dinner party.
They're enjoying the wine with their friends with like chicken and donor like a non-European dish like showing like the diversity.
And then the outcome is like for me as a winery as a result I see like percentage of users come back and buy more or like there's an increase in wine sales or something like that.
I'm certainly feedback.
Okay, yeah, a lot of feedback. So I'll let Bob and Nelson go first.st
So Bob, you can go first.st
Yeah, I like how you tied to both the customer and the your customer, the actual business. I think maybe a bit more on the business side, like towards your goal on demo day to get follow up meetings with folks.
Maybe spend a bit more time. Showing. Like the bottom line improvements, like increasing cart size or speaking to that, I could be wrong, totally open to being wrong on this one.
More time there, less time on. I don't know, maybe more time on happy shoppers, but.
Specific and then move on to like the bottom line improvement.
So short this part where it shows the product and really focus on this last part.
Yeah, cause I was waiting for that as we were getting through the other parts because you kinda had it zoomed in.
And I was like, I know, I know who. Wants to interact with your business from a paying you perspective and who cares about that is going to be someone in the audience who you want to give you money to grow your business.
And so maybe more focus on growing the business. But like I do see how the narrative of like.
Increasing, you know, the ability to put together a good dish by having a better customer experience for them is good.
I'll shut up. I don't know if I'm making a good point.
I agree with you, Bob. So those like the bottom row, the 1.st 3 or 4, those 4 slides need to be probably the exact amount of time that that last slide takes.
So like you should fly through those like I could see you kind of doing a montage like now they can find a pairing and they have friends and show people like clinking and they can cook this dish and parrot.
That should be super fast. And then show the result for the wineries, which is way more important.
To like touch on the users really quick, either just pick one of those things, make a montage very fast.
And the rest that last slide is like the most important thing in this whole video. So really focus on that.
Nelson?
Yeah, you're helping them help their customers reach their goals.
Exactly.
Yeah, I had another question like We were potentially trying to get interest from like the VC that started by Whole Foods, which is the retailer.
Not necessarily like the winery or the . If you're here, right? But here it's like I try to empathize with the retailer's pain point, which is the retailers are ghosting them like it's uneven dynamic like that's really their pain is working with that retailer but I'm afraid like is this too divisive?
Hmm.
Oh, I see. We might have to rework in a bit if, if your end goal is to have the retailers, HAYNES be known, but I want to hear what Nelson has to say.
Sorry. Dogs going nuts. So I like the idea of focusing on the end customer who's using the app.
Is because I feel like that's the experience that unlocks the value for downstream so One of the critiques I have of this is that it It's trying to talk about.
Like all the different stakeholders in the process and it like it just this convoluted right so like if you focus on I really like the the visual of the person walking into target looking at all the various brands and going like oh my god I don't know what maybe they're like holding up like dish or something and they're like holding the wine and they're like, Right?
So like that's easy. To communicate and then you're like and then what you could do is like riffing off of.
What the previous guys did the contrast right somebody else walks up they have their their phone in their hands they take a picture of the phone of the wine and then boom, you know, it's like, match magic match, right?
So like you're showing the confusion, you're showing your product as a solution, like embodied in the second consumer who's like having a streamlined experience and then they're walking out of the store while the other person is still like trying to figure out what wind about right.
So I think. That's a strong visual because you're showing like will real people actually use this right like because you need consumers to use this thing in order to be able to unlock any of the other benefits you're talking about.
But then if you want to like talk about like how your app helps all the people that are actually paying for it right like the b 2 b part of the equation maybe there's like a slide you could do where it's like our app helps.
You know, retailers, wine makers, distributors, whatever, and and consumers and it's like, and it's like this montage where it's like a picture of them and then they're one corner and then the other picture, the other corner and the other picture, the other corner and you're voicing over the things where you're showing how the whole ecosystem sort of benefits from
this like in a really like tight way. So. That's I think if there's a way to touch on how everybody wins with your product without walking through like this is how the product works and this and then they log into this thing and they see this dashboard it's like no no no just show them being like happy and like starts going up into the right, you know, and, and then you could unpack like how it actually
works maybe in your. QA or whatever. No.
Yeah, that's really good Nelson. I think that's the best way to show this because this is such a complex little mini ecosystem within the wine purchasing and there are so many players and most people listening are not going to be very well versed in the intricacies there.
So that's a really good way to show. Like look, we have all the players that are going and then Christie can dive into it more in the QA.
We're going to have to pause the air shell. Cause I need to leave time for But that was a really good start.
Myself.
Thank you for the feedback.
Okay.
Kevin. Yeah, we can see it.
Okay, yeah, you guys can see the screen. Okay. Alright, so, we have a script so I can kind of run through that.
1st starting is the goal for us is to get meetings, potential partnerships and raise capital.
The beginning of this script before it actually starts. Is actually gonna be a clip, from Danny Meyer, speaking.
And Danny Meyer, what he's gonna talk about is he's gonna say it's a very like a 5 second clip, but he says, But the most important thing that affects on whether or not a customer comes back to a restaurant.
Is based on how they're made to feel. And then we're gonna go into the script after that and say with a voiceover.
But how can restaurants know how to how can restaurants know how to make them feel when half the time they're too busy to really get to know you?
And if they don't know you, how are you supposed to, how are they supposed to bring you back?
That's where GIF Graham comes in. Meet Norm, your AI generated restaurant major date. Norm is gonna ask you a few questions to get to know you better.
Creating your own personalized digital asset profile. Now you can browse and select a restaurant. And add funds to start earning benefits.
The benefits will be unique to you based on your profile. No more generic rewards. And the more you dine, the smarter norm gets and the more personalized your service will be with his AI superpowers.
You can also browse for limited digital passes from participating restaurants that provide benefits such as priority reservations, mystery menu items.
And more to give you that experience that will make you feel special. And give the restaurant a way to securely track customer data across the network of restaurants.
Norman is helping GIF Graham redefine the way restaurants interact with their guests. Because simply hearing your name when you're greeted at a restaurant can make a difference.
And then, I'm saying, nice to meet you again, Sophia. And then we're thinking about having the cheer song play where they say where everybody knows your name.
So that's it.
Okay, I like the story here. Oh, Kelvin, please share.
Yeah, nice one. I think I love this beautiful idea of, and my own is towards the end where you said numb is helping gift Graham.
So instead of NOM is helping give Graham do that, you can say the norm by gift gram.
Is helping restaurants or helping redefine the way, because I assume, GIFTS, the, right?
Correct. Yeah.
So norm is product of gift. So non is not helping. It's actually helping, the restaurant redefined the way restaurants into our activity, I guess.
So you can see, the restaurant, redefined the way restaurants and our activity, I guess.
So you can see, and in the beginning you can introduce it like, you know, you know, non, you know, numb by GitHub or something like that, but I love, this new approach is very targeted.
Nice one.
Cool, thank you, Kelvin.
And then go back to the start. I want to go over how well. We're digging into the pain point here.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, and that was one thing. So in the pitch, we're gonna hit a little bit more on the problem and the pain point in the 1st 30 second pitch and then we'll go into this just to preface that.
You said 30 seconds. So you're cutting your pitch and you're doing a 90 second video.
Okay.
Yes. Yeah. Well, now, yeah, yeah, that's about right. I think the timing is.
Myer sounds shaking her head note.
Oh wait, I'm confused. Are we having I think having 1 min 1 min? 1 min page 1 min video.
Right.
Yeah, 1 min, 1 min. That's what it should be, but Kevin said 30 seconds.
So I was asking if you were doing something different.
Yeah. Well, I guess maybe it's longer. Alright.
Okay, 45 seconds.
Okay. Okay, yeah, curse to a minute and then any extra seconds can be shaved off and put on your video I think I wanna see a draft of this.
Yeah.
And how it all kind of goes together and then I can give you more feedback. But I don't have as much here because I need to see your pitch first.st
Okay, yeah.
If you could film your pitch, actually I'll see it at the pitch practice, but if you want to write a script of your pitch and then send me this as a video, I can give you feedback on they go together.
But I think right now I'm looking at half of the puzzle.
Yes. Yeah, that's true. That's sort of essential. Okay, yep.
Yeah.
Just because of how this is. But this is really good. I think it's solid and I think you're good to go to start making it and then we can iterate from there.
I'm happy with the direction this has taken.
I just have a quick question for everyone. Just wanna make sure that we're saying is clear and I was we were debating, I mean, we were debating a lot about our spending so much about the actual app, but I feel like one of the things that we need to show is how it works.
Okay.
Because it's a lot of people I have those questions and even in the Q&A, it's not the same as people seen it.
Yeah.
Then having that as a question. Just making sure just like you guys, is it clear any, feedback on that?
That'll be, that'll be helpful.
I think it's a lot of telling, not enough showing, so. It would be nice. To again.
Butcher and customer front and center. So it's like. Somebody. Walking into a restaurant, right?
Like interacting with the, like sitting down, having their favorite dish brought to them. Like maybe some like conversation in the kitchen like.
Oh, no, whatever allergen. No. Whatever, you know, so like some of the benefits that you talked about like the restaurant really knowing you if you can show that playing out.
And then it's like. Then you show the product and you're like, this is enabled by GIFTRAM and BOOM, boom, boom, boom, boom, right?
Okay.
Like. But I would love to center it on that. And customer experience. And like if you're showing something that is like.
You know, you could talk about. The problem or you could talk about like the happy solution. Like I love this idea of somebody having this.
Amazing, seamless, like high value reinforcing interaction, the ideal interaction. Where then the next thing is like gift cram unlocks all the things that you just saw.
How? By this by this by this. Like that could be really compelling. Because then I'm thinking, oh yeah, like.
I, I'm that person in that restaurant. Like. It's awesome.
Okay, we're gonna have to cut it there because we're at time, but just closing thoughts for you guys.
You're already really far along. So I was very impressed by what we saw today. Very solidified concepts.
I think everyone who presented today is good to go ahead and start making a 1st draft of the video. Everyone who didn't present, I would employ you to start a storyboard in the next couple of days.
Get some feedback you did from your classmates or my team and then start making your video. She wish weeks before we want to start having final, cuts for review and week 11.
So really start putting that together. You can submit it for async feedback to me or the whole group whenever you'd like the next time we'll look at the videos as a group or in small groups are gonna be during your one on ones with me and Neil in week 11 before demo day.
So we actually aren't gonna present them as a group again until those final approval meetings. So make sure you're just doing it asynchronously.
The pitch and the QA we have sessions for but this is the only session that we're going to be talking about the video.
So definitely get that feedback in, like find your own way that you want to receive feedback or just go make it and then come bring it back, whatever you want to do, just I want you guys to understand that you should be working on this on your own.
Even while we're doing all the pitch stuff in the Q&A. So. Don't let the video be something that you leave to the last minute.
I've seen companies do that and then they're not super proud of it and it brings down the whole set.
So just don't forget about this part. It's equally as important. Great work and thank you to everyone who participated. That was awesome.
I loved that